I want to build an exact replica of this website. Heres the link so you can go through it(https://kenzydemo.great-site.net/) I want you to strictly make use of HTML, CSS and JAVASCRIPT. The website displays a person named Kenzy with his latest music(Unruly out) Then the music video  of the song was playing in the background. All this were displayed in the landing page, so i want the nav which contains the logo and the pages display in the background of the video just like the sample attached. Let it be transparent with a red colour of the logo and the texts in the nav and also make sure for the responsive version on phone, you make use of a hamburger(A very fine and uniqeuly artistic one) So when the hamburger is clicked it will stylisly display the contents of the nav and then let there be a close button and let everything be working perfectly. Make sure everything looks really well on phone and also on the laptop. You can make use of random images and video then Ill add mine by myself. Please strictly make use of html, css and jabvascript only. Please make the website really sleek. You can go through the link I gave you so you can see how exact i want it to look. Please make sure everything sits well. Then for the font. For all titles, I want you to make use of Swinging Wake font by Sinister Fonts. Make them legible and artistic and please make sure for the tablet and phone version. The font sizes are reduced and they sit well with every aspect. Always make sure everything aspect in this website is responsive, It is highly important, make sure you make everything come out well. You can style the website more and make use of other samples like netflix looks or https://www.heisrema.com/ or https://outlawville.world/ Make it have art and nice designs and animations. Let it be diiferent like it is telling a story and make it look really sleek. Please dont forget to strictly make use of HTML, CSS and Javascript and make sure it looks perfect and nice. dont also forget to make everything highly responsive for all versions of devices